[DOCS-11172] Add note about no leading slash (#29836)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/destination_settings/datadog_archives_amazon_s3.en.md

1. Enter the key prefix.
    - Prefixes are useful for partitioning objects. For example, you can use a prefix as an object key to store objects under a particular directory. If using a prefix for this purpose, it must end in `/` to act as a directory path; a trailing `/` is not automatically added.
    - See [template syntax][10051] if you want to route logs to different object keys based on specific fields in your logs.

>      - **Note**: Datadog recommends that you start your prefixes with directory name and without a lead slash (`/`). For example, `app-logs/` or `service-logs/`.

Author: ```suggestion
     - **Note**: Datadog recommends that you start your prefixes with the directory name and without a leading slash (`/`). For example, `app-logs/` and `service-logs/`.
```

1. Enter the key prefix.
    - Prefixes are useful for partitioning objects. For example, you can use a prefix as an object key to store objects under a particular directory. If using a prefix for this purpose, it must end in `/` to act as a directory path; a trailing `/` is not automatically added.
    - See [template syntax][10051] if you want to route logs to different object keys based on specific fields in your logs.
     - **Note**: Datadog recommends that you start your prefixes with the directory name and without a lead slash (`/`). For example, `app-logs/` or `service-logs/`.
1. Select the storage class for your S3 bucket in the **Storage Class** dropdown menu. If you are going to archive and rehydrate your logs:
    - **Note**: Rehydration only supports the following [storage classes][10052]:
        - Standard
        - Intelligent-Tiering, only if [the optional asynchronous archive access tiers][10053] are both disabled.
        - Standard-IA
        - One Zone-IA
    - If you wish to rehydrate from archives in another storage class, you must first move them to one of the supported storage classes above.

>     - See [Example destination and log archive setup](#example-destination-and-log-archive-setup) for how to configure your Log Archive based on your Amazon S3 destination setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - See the [Example destination and log archive setup](#example-destination-and-log-archive-setup) section of this page for how to configure your Log Archive based on your Amazon S3 destination setup.
```
